[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
After a fierce struggle,
Luffy and his allies
defeated the Warlord,
Don Quixote Doflamingo,
and rushed to leave
the island of Dressrosa
before Admiral Fujitora
could capture them.
I'm sorry to say,
there are only criminals ahead.
You fine people are making
a terrible mistake
by coming here.
[TOWNSMAN F] You better
prepare yourself, Lucy!
[TOWNSMAN G]
Don't let 'em escape!
[TOWNSMAN H] You're gonna
pay for this! Damn pirates!
[TOWNSMAN J]
Lucy!
[TOWNSMAN K]
We're gonna get you!
[TOWNSMAN J] Get the ships!
Chase him out to sea!
[TOWNSMAN P]
If we stick close to Lucy,
Fujitora won't be able to
drop the rubble from the sky!
A force of 5,600 total!
Mister Luffy, exchange cups
with the leaders of each crew!
We'll drink ritual saké
as father and son!
'Kay, how does that work?
[BARTOLOMEO] In a crew,
the boss is the father
and his men are the sons!
As leader of the
Straw Hat Pirates,
we humbly ask you to
take us under your wing.
So, do you accept?
[LUFFY] "Sons' Cups!
The Straw Hat Fleet is Formed!"
I am gonna murder you!
All our work with
Doflamingo is screwed,
thanks to your
meddling, Straw Hat!
[PIRATE B] Don't let him
escape Dressrosa alive!
And what about King Riku?
If he's back, our business
is gonna suffer for it!
We'll kill Straw Hat
and all his pals, too.
There'll be no one
left to stop us!
After that, Dressrosa
will be our playground!
[PIRATE A] All right!
We'll form an alliance!
A fleet of pirates, united by
our hatred of Straw Hat!
No mercy! No escape!
Take his head!
[PIRATES cheer]
Now, bring me the saké!
I'm on it.
Thanks.
Thank you.
[BARTOLOMEO]
'Kay. All set over here.
The boss is next.
[BARTOLOMEO] Let us exchange
the vows of father and son
with Mister Luffy
as our new boss
and us as his followers. Uh--
[BARTOLOMEO] You gotta
drink it, Mister Luffy.
Nah. I think I'll pass.
[ALL]
Huh?!
[USOPP]
Mm-hmm!
Go figure.
I'm not into saké.
No. It's not for taste,
it's a vow!
And listen. You're gonna be
famous after this whole thing.
Meaning, a bunch of bad dudes
are gonna wanna tryda kill ya!
It doesn't matter
how strong you are!
Nobody can win
against numbers like that!
You need backup!
That's where we come in!
You saved us, so we'll save you!
Uh-huh! Uh-huh!
Yeah, but if I drink this stuff,
I'll be the big captain guy
of some grand fleet, right?
Uh, yeah. With 5,600 followers,
you'd be one of the most
impressive pirates on the seas.
I mean, you're gonna be
King of the Pirates eventually,
no doubt about it.
But it's a big world,
so if you wanna conquer it,
then you gotta think big!
[ZORO]
He doesn't care. Give it up.
You're wasting your time.
Huh?
So. Put this in a beer mug.
I'll drink it.
I said it's not for taste,
it's for a vow!
[ORLUMBUS]
Why, Straw Hat?
A massive military force
could be at your command!
The men who stand before you
are all mighty warriors,
and yet we would have been
undone without your help.
Someday, you'll find yourself
in the same situation!
Not my style!
[ALL]
Huh? What's with that look?
Anyway. Are people
getting ready for a party,
'cause I smell food!
That's great.
Just change the subject.
You're pissing me off,
Straw Hat!
Listen, you should be
grateful that a star like me
is willing to fly
under your flag!
Let's force him to drink it!
I know you saved us,
but we're strong enough
to kick your ass!
I thought he was the boss!
Don't be so rude!
[IDEO]
You gonna make me?
[SAI]
Yeah, wanna fight about it?
[USOPP]
No, sir.
Here's the thing.
I want to be the
King of the Pirates.
I don't need to be
some big shot!
Huh? Even for him, that's dumb.
Damn! That's good stuff!
Knew it!
Use a cup! That's so gross!
Oooh! Me next!
I want some, too!
No!
[ROBIN chuckles] I could
go for a cup, myself.
Fine! Me, too!
[FRANKY]
Damn, it is good!
[ZORO]
Told you.
Mister Luffy, are we
not good enough?
[LUFFY]
How 'bout this?
If I'm ever in trouble,
I'll call you guys for help.
And I know you'll save me,
'cause that's what friends do
for each other, right?
I don't have to be a big shot
or have a whole fleet for that.
And if you're ever
in trouble, call us.
I'm happy to help, any time!
I couldn'tve beat Mingo
without you guys,
so we're friends for life!
You know.
It took a second,
but I get it now.
And I think I understand
what it means
for you to be
King of the Pirates.
It's not about bein' big,
but bein' free!
[gasps] What was that?
[YONTAMARIA FLEET gasps]
[YONTAMARIA PIRATE A]
Cannon fire!
[ORLUMBUS]
Is it the Navy?
Can't be! They're all stuck!
I sewed their ships
together extra tight!
Fire! Fire!
Columbus can take
care of this one!
Sorry, but we're
still busy here.
Whoever it is, take 'em out!
Sir!
[PIRATE A] I know you have
Straw Hat on your ship!
Hand him over or pay the price!
You don't want to defy us!
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
[YONTAMARIA PIRATE C]
People of Dressrosa.
Get back on land!
It's dangerous!
[TOWNSMAN A] But if we leave,
Fujitora might attack Lucy!
[YONTAMARIA PIRATE D]
Return fire!
Fire! Let 'em sink!
[PIRATES gasping]
[YONTAMARIA PIRATE E gasps]
Look!
The rubble's raining down
on the enemy ships!
[YONTAMARIA PIRATE F]
But not us?
[PIRATES screaming]
This is my parting gift,
Straw Hat.
Freedom. Right. That's all
Mister Luffy wants.
It's beautiful.
He's the greatest.
I love him even more!
[sobs]
[laughs] You know what?
Let's do the oath.
Because we want to.
It doesn't matter if Straw Hat
won't drink with us.
He makes a good point.
Heh. If you can do
what you want, so can we.
You wanna talk about freedom?
Well, we have it, too!
I didn't think of that!
Mister Luffy,
I'll raise this saké cup
and offer up an oath
along with it.
Huh? An oath?
[BARTOLOMEO]
All right. Here goes.
We'll become the proud followers
of Straw Hat Luffy.
Therefore, in rain or in shine,
we shall serve as his
sword and his shield.
To repay our debt to him,
the seven of us offer our
loyalty of our own accord.
As we drink these cups,
let us pledge both our lives
and our hearts alike.
Hey! That's cheating!
[gasps]
[cries]
[crying]
I didn't say you guys
could do that!
[YONTAMARIA FLEET cheers]
Guess it's official now!
[YONTAMARIA PIRATE H] Then get
this party started already!
[YONTAMARIA FLEET]
I thought you'd never ask!
[YONTAMARIA PIRATE I]
Let us feast in honor of
the Straw Hat Fleet,
5,600 strong!
[YONTAMARIA FLEET]
Yeah!
How underhanded!
[FRANKY laughs]
They just do what they want!
I like their style!
[YONTAMARIA FLEET]
Lookin' good, big boss!
Can't wait to work with you!
[LUFFY] What? Hey!
I did not drink this stuff!
I know the cup's empty,
but that's not on me!
[ZORO chuckles]
Yeah, we don't care.
I won't bother trying
to force your hand,
but we can still
swear our loyalty to you,
whether you like it or not.
That means,
when you're in trouble,
we'll come running.
If you have friends
who are willing to do that
for nothing in return,
you should be grateful.
All we ask is that you engrave
our names and faces
on your heart.
[BABY 5]
Hey, honey.
--He's gone.
--[SAI gasps]
[USOPP] Look at the main course!
It's a fighting fish steak!
[LUFFY]
Gimme somma that!
[USOPP] Don't climb on food!
That's unhygienic!
[IDEO]
Would you stop crying already?
I was so touched by his words,
I may never stop!
Just leave me to my tears!
Leo. I think we're
all about to leave the port.
Will you stay and eat?
[LEO] There's no way
we'd miss the banquet!
We can take the Yellow Cubs
back to Dressrosa!
Don't worry about us!
Are we setting sail now?
Right! The boss says time to go!
Hoist the sails!
[YONTAMARIA FLEET cheers]
I didn't say that!
And I'm not your boss!
[MARINE A] Vice Admiral
Bastille! I have a report!
[BASTILLE] I see the
rubble raining down.
Did it wipe out Straw Hat
and his friends?
[MARINE A] No,
it's missing all the targets!
You gotta be kidding me!
[NARRATOR] That day,
Dressrosa experienced
some very unusual
weather conditions.
But in the end,
their heavy downpour of rubble
gradually gave way
to sunny skies.
[FUJITORA] Truth be told,
I had no right to
chase you down
in the first place.
[FUJITORA] Also,
though I probably shouldn't
say this out loud,
you really did clean up
the Government's mess
here in Dressrosa.
And for your courage,
you have my eternal gratitude.
I heard that.
[SENGOKU chuckles]
[LUFFY] All right, guys!
Let's raise our cups!
Our team kicked
the Mingo Family's ass!
So here's to us and to victory!
[ALL cheer]
[FRANKY]
Super!
Let's party!
You guys were awesome!
[DWARVES]
Thanks, Fraland!
Zoroland, you're the best!
Duh!
Rooster!
Mister Luffy!
Honey!
Make a toast!
'Kay!
[BOTH]
To us!
[DWARVES cheer]
[laughing]
Dressrosa, here we come!
[SANJI, FRANKY, LUFFY]
Smells good!
I want it! That fruit
should be mine!
I wound up wearing the same
fighting costume
as this old guy.
But I gotta admit,
it does look cool.
And super manly!
[LUFFY]
I'll tell you what I think.
You're never getting Ace's
power, as long as I live.
[LUFFY]
Whatever the old king did,
even if she is
his granddaughter,
it had nothing to do with her!
Franky! Kick some ass out there!
We'll back you up real soon!
[LUFFY]
Can't start crying yet.
I won't let the solider die.
Be strong, okay?
Don't worry!
I promise I'll give Doflamingo
the beating of his life for you!
So stay safe! You hear me?
[LUFFY] I'm here to
whoop your sorry butt!
This fight is dumb!
We shouldn't have to do this!
Doflamingo!
Traffy!
[LUFFY]
Fourth Gear!
I know I can!
Sabo. Ace's fruit. You ate it?
Seeing you makes it
hard to even breathe!
All right. King Kong...
...Gun!
[KYROS] Seems like
they made it, after all.
[REBECCA]
I was worried for a sec.
I hope they'll come visit.
[giggles] Is it warm?
Yes! It's much better this way.
Aww. Are you crying, Dad?
[KYROS] What? No! I never cry!
Don't be absurd!
[SAI, ABDULLAH]
Wait!
[LUFFY chuckles]
[BARTOLOMEO crying]
[CAVENDISH laughs]
[laughing]
[ZORO]
Hey, get over here!
Ow!
Ha!
'Nother round?
Yeah! Any time!
[LAW]
Let go!
Press nose for
advanced hair features.
[DWARVES laughing]
[CHIN JAO singing]
[ALL]
Cheers!
I know you've got places to go,
but we'll see you again, right?
[ROBIN]
Of course! We'll be back!
[WICKA, FLAPPER]
I can't wait!
Ah! Great news!
Well! Hello!
[NARRATOR] After the hard-fought
battle in Dressrosa,
a very unconventional vow
was made over cups of saké.
[NARRATOR] By coincidence,
or by the hand of fate,
when the paths of seven
mighty warriors crossed,
they pledged their
loyalty to Luffy.
Their own adventures will
bring them strength and renown.
And one day in the future,
they will play a part
in a great incident
of historic proportions.
[NARRATOR]
But for now at least,
that's a story no one
could have anticipated.
[NARRATOR]
The Straw Hats leave Dressrosa,
confident in its future,
but as Doflamingo is
carried off to Impel Down,
he makes a chilling statement.
Now, the curtain rises
on a new era
as the battle to rule
the stormy seas rages on.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Numerous Rivals
Struggle Amongst Themselves!
The Raging Monsters
of the New World!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!